So, no.
Who would be?
Probably just to map this to know,
so I can avoid any further,
like here in the other field,
just to map it always to know,
Mm-hmm.
so we can avoid this risk as well,
but it's even hackier, I think, so.
Mm.
So let me ask again,
why do we shy away from removing both
pickup columns and adding the new one?
Yeah, I mean, this is the other option,
basically, because...
What?
I would really want the code to be clean
or matching the actual requirement.
Because someone later down the road,
down the stream, will say,
why do we have pickup date?
from map from collection date and pickup
day two from pickup day two.
That's a strange change.
Yeah, it is. I, I, yeah,
I agree with this,
It confuses people.
but like this is the other option,
we just go and remove those suits,
we change the locations,
but as I mentioned,
like the testing there should be way more
thorough.
It's yeah, then it's more testing.
I don't accept.
Ah, I mean, I say it that easy. Of course,
we have timelines and stuff.
I don't accept this such a call flow,
call a call flow.
Why should we accept such a bad code?
Just because they make pressure.
I think we can clarify that.
And maybe we can check also again how
much more effort it is to test it when we
do it properly.
I mean,
like the areas which you have highlighted
are basically here. I mean,
it's those areas which you have
highlighted in the...
Uh, yeah.
Yeah.
And they,
how are they covered with automated tests?
I mean,
is it easy to just run existing test
I don't think they are covered.
I don't think they are covered by
suites? Oh, okay.
automation tests. Like,
they'll be covered by unit tests, I think.
Mm.
I mean,
if like it would require us switching to
unit tests as well,
like for pickup days where we have pickup
Mm.
day from or pickup day two. But basically,
like my expectation is that most of this
Mm.
logic should be covered by unit tests,
not by,
I don't think we covered it by automation.
Yeah.
This.
Yeah.
Ohh.
But it's a decision we need to make, yeah.
No.
Yeah.
So...
Isn't there a third option to keep the
two dates as they are and add the
collection date?
What does that imply?
It's even worse,
because I think we'll still need to touch
the same places, like if we remove those,
but yeah,
Mm.
Yeah, I know.
we'll have the old fields as well, which,
which is like, if we're going to touch it,
True.
Yeah.
then let's just touch it then, yeah.
So the cleanest way is to confirm again
that they will never ever need the two
pick up the pick up pair dates that we
remove it and we just have collection
date mapped.
That's it accepting the bigger test them
effort. That's the cleanest way forward,
I think.
It is, I mean, it is the cleanest way,
but it requires testing, yeah.
And.
Yeah.
Huh.
So yeah,
I mean I can spend some time just trying
to remove those fields and like just
covering all of the all the situations,
but but yeah,
I mean it's I'll keep this one as well
Mhm.
because this is like the one that I
showed you is just requiring almost no
testing, I mean little testing.
Yeah.
Of course,
I can also spend some time today just
checking the other the other approach.
I mean, generally speaking,
Mhm.
it would require changes,
but like the bigger effort I think would
be on the Q side of things.
Yeah.
Because, like,
if I just switch the fields and
everything,
it should be fine at some point.
Aren't the first three bullet points
covered in the same resolvers?
Initial generation of lots,
generation of lots, operation of lots,
CDC mechanism,
aren't they running through the same code
anyway?
Don't think so. And I'll tell you why.
Because, for example,
the initial generation of loads just
generates the legs and groups them into
loads. This is the one thing.
Creation of load. So you have this option,
Mhm.
like from the front end,
you can take a leg and just create a new
load from it.
This is what is meant by creation of
I see, I see.
loads.
Yeah, the CGC mechanism,
how we reflect the changes. I mean,
I see.
I saw that we tracked this column,
which is okay,
Mhm.
but basically we need to reflect it.
We need to like move this column
collection data into the log generation
fields because you have separate CGC
Uh-huh.
handlers for this field.
For those which affect the which affect
the uh a lot and uh yeah.
Matt.
Minute.
Mmh.
Okay, what about this last sentence here?
The new column,
This Max put this because I suggested
this as a quick workaround. Basically,
but actually it should be this old.
it's not a requirement.
Because this would destroy our whole
discussion here.
Yeah, yeah,
but I think you put it because of this,
like, as a like suggestion,
it's it's not something which is, yeah.
Quick fixed.
Mm.
Ohh.
I mean, the clean way is clear, right?
We just face time constraints.
I mean, yeah, the clean way.
I think now that we've talked about it,
there's a direction.
We all favor the clean way, let's face it.
Maybe you can invest a bit more time,
Oh.
like an hour,
to see what really the QA effort would be
or talk to Vessi.
just to get some more input and then we
decide finally.
But I would, I would prefer the clean way.
OK, so.
With all, you know, for thinking about it,
what terms we've had in two years,
how many terms,
how many misunderstandings,
and now we introduce a mapping that is a
confusion in itself.
Ohh.
No.
I just don't like that.
Yeah, it's clear. This is, I mean,
it's not it's not clean.
So.
This is this is like for sure.
Yeah.
And I really differentiate between
operational hacks and logical hacks.
You know,
setting up a microservice that
temporarily does something for a certain
amount of time, that's fine for me.
But this is the central logic.
which we make dirty. So yeah,
I'm repeating myself. You get the idea.
Let's try the clean approach and only
pivot to the dirty one. Yeah.
I'll keep both. I mean,
I'll keep this one as a pull request
state and I'll just switch the other ones
like I'll just spend an hour or two just
trying to do this and I'll let you know
like once.
Mm-hmm.
Matt.
Okay,
just a question because like those fields,
I think those fields are also currently
present in the legs and lots entities.
Mhm.
Do we want to keep those there as well or
just remove them? Because I mean,
I don't think there will be no longer
relevant.
But yeah, just.
Eng.
Because it's...
Everything downstream would also be
affected, I would say.
Yeah,
but like if we want to keep it clean and
those dates are not filtered,
they are not longer no longer required
for the for the legs and the lots. I mean,
it does not make sense to keep them.
I.
I mean,
that would maybe be easier to evaluate if
we get a feedback from them on why these
fields are constantly null.
And if there are plans to fix it or plans
to use these columns at all.
Maybe that could help, but...
Otherwise,
I would just get rid of them as well.
Well, I mean,
even if they want to change it,
it will be a switch of the whole process
and everything.
But like we had a discussion with them
about this and I think that it was,
Yeah.
I think that they intended to create them
from new dispo,
but basically like they're not filled
from anywhere.
Mmh.
The question is whether they have some
plans to use those columns.
Yeah.
But, but yeah, OK, so yeah,
let's then I'll just try to do the
changes and everything.
Mhm.
Oh,
and afterwards I can focus on the polling
mechanism.
I hope that I'll be able to start both
today.
Okay, yeah.
What I could offer is let it run through
the chain I have here for...
both analyzing and potentially fixing
things.
It helped me a lot in the past few weeks
to trace down such changes and the
effects of it.
It also successfully triaged bugs.
Okay.
The last two or three bugs I've run
through it and they literally came to the
same conclusion.
every time then, for example,
yours or someone else's.
So it really proves to be working,
if that helps in speeding up the analysis.
Yeah.
Yup.
So, I'll start with this, and let's see,
let's see how it ends up,
and then we can then we can see what,
like, what the situation is.
K.
Good.
Okay.
All right.
And it's resolved, I hope,
and we can move on.
I mean, yeah, just, just, I will,
I'll keep the mapping and I'll just work
Cem.
over this as well,
like whatever the preferred option is,
like, I mean, we know,
like from technical point of view,
what the preferred option is,
if for some reason we need to go the
other way, then I'll keep this just...
To have it there as well, but yeah, OK,
I'll just do the changes in scope then.
Yeah.
All right.
OK.
Good, see you in a bit.
Yep, bye.
Bye-bye.